docs(content): small typo (#2434)
nuxt/content: docs/content/2.usage/3.search.md

</template>
```

> By default, the [`searchContent`](/composables/search-content) composable will use an indexed search. This mean that the search will be faster and the API response smaller and optimized **only usable by [`miniSearch`](https://lucaong.github.io/minisearch/)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the [`searchContent`](/composables/search-content) composable will use an indexed search. This means that the search is faster and the API response is smaller and optimized. **The response is only usable by [`miniSearch`](https://lucaong.github.io/minisearch/)**.
```

::callout

> Internally, the search feature, both `searchContent` and `/api/indexed-search.ts` endpoint, use [`miniSearch`](https://lucaong.github.io/minisearch/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, both the `searchContent` composable and the `/api/indexed-search.ts` endpoint use [`miniSearch`](https://lucaong.github.io/minisearch/).
```
